New Chat GPT interactive visuals update
is insane. Chat GPT just dropped
something that is insane. They added
interactive visuals like sliders, live
graphs, animations inside the chat. You
literally drag a slider and watch math
equations come alive in front of you.
This is the biggest learning update I
have ever seen from OpenAI and I am
going to show you exactly how it works.
So picture this. You ask chat GPT to
explain something like the Pythagorean
theorem. Before this update, you got a
wall of text, maybe a formula, maybe a
boring diagram, and you sat there
pretending you understood it. Not
anymore. Now, when you ask that same
question, chat GPT gives you a triangle
with sliders. You drag side A, you drag
side B, the triangle changes shape in
real time. The squares on each side
update, and C recalculates live right in
front of your eyes. This is not a
screenshot. This is not a static image.
This is a full interactive simulation
happening inside chat GPT and it does
not stop at triangles. You can ask about
Ohm's law. You get a graph, drag the
voltage slider up, watch the current
change instantly. It is like having a
physics lab on your laptop. You can ask
about the ideal gas law. PV equals NRT.
Drag the pressure slider. Watch the
volume change. Drag the temperature.
Watch everything shift. It is wild. You
can even ask about compound interest.
Drag the year slider. Watch that growth
curve shoot up. This one alone could
change how people think about their
future. And here is what makes this
actually insane. Open AAI rolled this
out to everyone. Free users. Everyone
who is logged in gets access. Hey, if we
have not met already, I am the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of Goldie
Agency. Whilst he is helping clients get
more leads and customers, I am here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every single
comment. So, make sure you comment
below. Let me show you the prompts that
unlock the best demos. First one, type
this in. Help me understand the
Pythagorean theorem with an interactive
visual. Boom. Triangle with sliders.
Drag and learn. Second one. Explain
Ohm's law with a dynamic graph. You get
voltage, current, resistance, all
adjustable, all live. Third one, show
how PV equals NRT works with sliders.
This is the ideal gas law. You can
literally watch pressure and volume
fight each other in real time. Fourth
one, explain compound interest visually.
This one is so satisfying. You drag the
time slider and watch that curve go from
flat to vertical. Fifth one, demonstrate
Hook's law with adjustable variables,
springs, force, displacement, all
interactive. And these are just the ones
I tested. OpenAI launched this with over
70 concepts ready to go. 70 math,
physics, and other STEM topics all with
live sliders and graphs. Now, let me
tell you why this actually matters and
why I think this changes everything.
Okay, so reason number one this matters.
AI learning just went from passive to
active. Before this update, chat GPT was
like reading a textbook that could talk
back, which was already amazing, but it
was still text. You were still just
reading. Now it is like having a lab.
You do not read. The pressure increases
when volume decreases. You drag a slider
and watch it happen. Your brain
processes that completely differently.
It sticks. Research shows that
interactive visual learning improves
understanding way more than static
instruction. That is why tools like
Geogra got so popular in schools. But
now chat GPT does this automatically.
You do not need a separate app. You do
not need a special tool. Just ask a
question and the simulation appears.
Reason number two. Chat GPT just became
a full learning platform. Think about
what they have been building. First they
added study mode. then quizzes, then
step-by-step tutoring, now interactive
labs. You see where this is going,
right? They are building a complete
education system inside a chatbot. And
here is the thing that should scare
every online tutoring platform on the
planet. This works instantly. No setup,
no downloads, no accounts on five
different websites. You just type a
question and get an interactive
simulation. Reason number three, this
scales to everyone. A student in a rural
area with no access to a science lab can
now run physics simulations on their
phone. A kid who cannot afford a tutor
can now experiment with math concepts
for free. 140 million people a week. All
getting access to interactive STEM
education. That is not a small thing.
That is a massive shift in how the world
learns. Now, if you are watching this
and thinking, how do I actually use AI
to grow my business and automate the
boring stuff? You need to check out the
AI profit boardroom. It is the best
place to scale your business, get more
customers, and save hundreds of hours
with AI automation. If you want to learn
how to use tools like chat GPT and these
new interactive features to level up
your workflow, the link is in the
description. Go check it out. Okay, so
let me talk about what is actually
happening under the hood here because it
is fascinating. When you ask Chat GPT a
question that triggers an interactive
visual, it does not just spit out text
anymore. It dynamically generates a full
interactive module. We are talking
equation rendering, UI sliders, dynamic
graphs, and simulation logic. All
created on the fly, all customized to
your specific question. Think about that
for a second. The AI is not pulling from
a library of pre-made simulations, is
building them in real time based on what
you ask. That is a fundamentally
different kind of AI output. It's not
just generating text, is generating
experiences. And the topics it covers
right now are already pretty deep. On
the math side, you've got the
Pythagorean theorem, linear equations,
slope intercept form, area of a circle,
binomial squares, trigonometric
identities. On the physics side, you've
got Ohm's law, Hook's law, Kulum's law,
ideal gas law, kinetic energy, plus
stuff like exponential decay, compound
interest, volume of a cylinder or cone.
All of these support live variable
controls. All of them update in real
time. But here is what really gets me
excited. This is just the beginning.
OpenAI has said they plan to expand
these interactive modules to more STEM
concepts, additional subjects, and
deeper simulations. Think about what is
coming. Chemistry visualizations where
you can watch molecular bonds form and
break. Biology simulations where you can
see how cells divide. Interactive
calculus where you can watch derivatives
and integrals play out visually. We are
moving from an era where AI gives you
answers to an era where AI lets you
explore ideas. That is a completely
different thing. Answers are static.
Exploration is dynamic. And dynamic
learning is how humans actually
understand things. So here is what I
want you to do right now. Open chat GPT.
Type in one of those prompts I gave you.
Try the Pythagorean theorem one first.
Drag those sliders around. Watch the
triangle change. Feel your brain go,
"Oh, that is what that means." So then
try the ideal gas law one, then compound
interest, then Ohm's law. Play with all
of them because the more you experiment,
the more you realize this is not just a
cool feature. This is a new way of
understanding things. The bigger picture
here is that AI tools are evolving from
text generators into interactive
simulation engines. We went from AI that
writes to AI that shows to AI that lets
you play. And every step in that
evolution makes AI more useful, more
powerful, and more accessible. Chat GPT
is quietly becoming the most powerful
learning tool on the internet and most
people have no idea this update even
happened. Now, if you want to stay ahead
of every AI update like this one and
learn how to use chat GPT and other AI
tools to automate your business and get
more customers, join the AI profit
boardroom. Whether you are using these
interactive visuals for learning or
using AI to streamline your entire
workflow, the AI profit boardroom gives
you the strategies, the SLPs, and the
community to make it happen. link is in
the description. And if you want the
full process, SOPs, and over 100 AI use
cases like this one, join the AI Success
Lab links in the comments and
description. You will get all the video
notes from there, plus access to our
community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. Make sure you like
this video, subscribe, and drop a
comment below. Julian reads every single
one. I will see you in the next